we interrupt your regularly scheduled
program to freak the out new pink
floyd album in october if that just
scared you i apologize for nothing pink
floyd long-rumored done forever last
album was the Division Bell we've done
the discography here on this channel if
you haven't seen it you should check it
out because it's incredible the endless
River this is music from what the report
has stated that was recorded around at
the same time as the Division Bell
sessions mainly a lot of instrumental
work that has been worked with other
individuals the usual cast and crew from
momentary lapse and reason from the late
1980s there's some other music that's
going to be on this who gives a
it's the new pink floyd album now chill
for a moment there's no confirmation of
a Roger Waters appearance on this disc
for those of you who are disappointed by
that I apologize profusely for that
initial news is that completely and
totally one hundred percent confirmed no
it is not however whenever you consider
what Pink Floyd has been since the 1980s
considering it's been it David Gilmour
let group you can kind of understand it
but either way good lord a new pink
floyd album will be surfacing entitled
at the endless River the date of release
that has been reported is October the
month of release not the dates either
way this is easily shot put itself right
to one of the most important moments of
this year in music now for those of you
new to this channel I talk a lot about
you know heavy metal but I also talked a
lot about some classic rock and some
modern rock as well so Pink Floyd will
definitely be getting a review for their
album the endless River what do you
think about this this is incredible news
guys this I never thought whether it's
whether it were 20 39 would ever occur
but yet it seems as though we are just a
few short months away we are standing on
the threshold of a new pink floyd record
right here in 2014 thoughts reactions
comment box below I love David Gilmour
his wife because she tweeted about this
and let us know I love you ma'am please
just know that plots reactions let me
know